.. NEMO-RELOC documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Oct  5 09:17:15 2016.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

NEMO-RELOC's documentation
==========================

This is a index file for the NEMO-RELOC project. Ideas on how to format it are
most welcome.

There are two README.md files is this project. Their contents are loaded here
 and should describe the project (rather than have intro text duplicated in this
  index file).

.. note :
  It would have been better if the README.md files loaded their contents here
   without needing to click on a link. Like <INCLUDE=""> in HTML-speak. I don't
    know how to do this in Markdown) EDIT I think a simple pre-"make html"
     command would be needed to paste in the contents of the README files.

I am undecided on whether the Contents should go in this file or in the READMEs...


`Include the root README.md file <../../../README.md>`_

`Include the tools README.md file <../../../tools/README.md>`_

Note however that the markdown in the README.md files is not converted into html with the ``make html`` rendering command.


Complete Recipes:
=================

When a new note file is created manually add it to this list to aid finding it.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   template

   LBay_archer_livljobs4

   LBay_180m

   SEAsia_archer_livljobs4

   SWPacific_archer_livljobs4

   EAfrica


Common Modules:
===============

These common modules are used in the above recipes. I've generally abstracted
modules once the process is common to more than one configuration.

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 1

  build_opa_orchestra

  build_XIOS2

  build_and_create_coordinates

  build_siren_tools
  
  build_domain_cfg_file

  install_nrct

  anatomy_namelist_bdy
  
  generate_initial_conditions
  
  Generate_river_forcing

  MPP_decomp_land_suppression

  rebuild_and_inspect_NEMO_output

  Add_more_SBC

  FES2014_NEMO



2. Complete SE Asia (1/12 deg) Recipe:
======================================

When a new note file is created manually add it to this list to aid finding it.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1


   SEAsia_archer_livljobs4




3. Notes on Trouble Shooting:
=============================
.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 2

  trouble_shooting

  updating_namelist_cfg_from_v3.6_to_vp4



4. Tools:
=========

Not sure how to do this currently have a few repo python scripts that might
   be useful:

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 1

  compiling_documentation

  diagnostics


5. Other configurations:
========================

We could add other configuration recipes here.

* SANH - Jenny's wiki is nicely put together (Physics only)

* EAfrica: This configuration was generated by jdha and valegu for the ACCORD proposal,
using vp4. This recipe ports and runs that domain to the local user. The code is
compiled but forcings are taken from jdha. The new domain_cfg.nc is generated
in the recipe. This is a tide only simulation.

* LBay_180m: In vp4 a significant challenge is in getting the new namelists to
work. Having made progress in LBay_livljobs4 on branch
 ``LBay-orchestra-code-base`` but run into GRIDGEN problems. Decided to make a
 new branch and start with the old 180m POLCOMS bathymetry and coordinates file
  for Liverpool Bay. This gets a new branch (incase we fix the GRIDGEN problem).
 At the time of writing this is where I am. *(16 Oct)*:

* SWPacific

* Madagascar

* ...


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
